Tray documentation (#5116)
ynput/OpenPype: website/docs/artist_tools_tray.md

---
id: artist_tools_tray
title: Tray
sidebar_label: Tray
description: OpenPype general menu.
---
# Tray

Click on the **OpenPype** logo to open the tray and find the major informations about your account and especially your studio files. You can customize your tray by activating options in the **Studio Settings** such ass adding **Ftrack** or **Kitsu**.

![OpenPype Tray](assets/tools/tools_openpype_tray.png)

## Ftrack
*Enable it in the [Studio Settings](admin_settings_system.md).*
### Credentials

> The **Credentials** contains the studio's **Ftrack URL**, your **Username** and the **API Key** given by your studio. 

Reviewer: more information ![here](artist_ftrack.md#login-to-ftrack-module-in-openpype-best-case-scenario)

### Action server
Delete or stop [Action](manager_ftrack_actions.md) server.

 ![OpenPype Tray Ftrack](assets/tools/tools_openpype_ftrack.png)

### Open Ftrack
Access to **Ftrack**'s website and sign in.

## Launcher
Select your working context. Once choosen, you can see all the files, assets and its associated **Tasks**. You can also filter your assets for a more efficient research. Click on a task and select one of the softwares to open it.

## Loader

> Loader loads published subsets into your current scene or script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The loader loads or performs an action on published subsets from outside DCC.
```

---
id: artist_tools_tray
title: Tray
sidebar_label: Tray
description: OpenPype general menu.
---
# Tray

Click on the **OpenPype** logo to open the tray and find the major informations about your account and especially your studio files. You can customize your tray by activating options in the **Studio Settings** such ass adding **Ftrack** or **Kitsu**.

![OpenPype Tray](assets/tools/tools_openpype_tray.png)

## Ftrack

> *Enable it in the [Studio Settings](admin_settings_system.md).*

Reviewer 2: Can't help but think that maybe this should link to the ftrack docs, and have a more generic section such as "Project management credentials"
If you enabled [Ftrack](artist_ftrack.md) or [Kitsu](artist_ftrack.md) in the [Studio Settings](admin_settings_system.md) a menu item will be present where you can login into these.

Reviewer: To have a generic section, all the "Project management tools" plugins should have the same functioning. I think that as long as that's not the case, it's smarter to put one section per module.
